Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, Diana's behind the camera today, and I have a word for you.
So, I'm going to tell you all some things that have been on my heart.
I got my Amazon order in.
I love to feed my squirrels.
I love to feed squirrels and I love to watch them.
I told Diana, I said, "I'm going to go out and get the squirrels' food all around.
" I was putting it all inside the feeders.
And the Lord spoke to me and he said to me, "Brandon, you like to watch the squirrels.
" And he said, "I like to watch you.
I like to watch my kids.
I like to bless my kids.
" And he said, "Brandon, the squirrels didn't earn the food.
They didn't deserve the food.
" He said, "It was grace that you did this today for them.
" And he said, "What's about to happen in these last days is going to be my grace poured out on the people with finances.
" And he goes, "It will be to people that you don't feel in your heart when I tell you to give to somebody a big money.
They don't treat you right.
They didn't act like they like you, but it wasn't about you.
It was about me just blessing them through you.
As long as you can keep your eyes focused on me and attract to deflect, I'll work through you.
" He said to me, "It's not always that they deserve it, and it's not always that they earned it.
It's just grace.
And it's not because they treated you right or they treated you wrong.
" He said, "You give secretly and I'll reward you openly.
The bigger the checks I tell you to give, the more it is to die to self because I will not share my glory with anyone.
It's always when you lay hands on somebody in the days ahead and they get healed from cancer or diabetes, and instantaneously they're like, 'You're my new best friend,' right?
Because you laid hands on them and it solved a problem that was killing them, but it had nothing to do with you.
You are just the person that God used to distribute the glory, right?
The anointing of his presence destroys the yoke, but it has nothing to do with you.
You're just a vessel.
So, it's the same way about the finances.
The Lord said to me, 'I'll not share my glory with anyone concerning healing, and I'll not share at this level of where I'm taking certain people with finances.
' And he said, 'One percent, Brandon, one percent will walk in this end-time wealth of this kind of wealth that I'm talking about.
' And I've brought that up before to you all and told you about the one percent.
But I'm talking about extreme wealth, extreme wealth, like more than deca-millionaires.
I'm not talking about you got a couple hundred thousand dollars in the bank and you're going, 'Well, you know, I'm able to have extra in my...
' That's not extreme wealth.
That's not like lavish, like where you go, 'Wow,' to the world's standards when the world's looking at you and going, 'What is going on?
How—what are they got going on with them?
' It's all about Jesus, you know what I'm saying?
You attract to deflect, and this is what it will be with finances.
And he told me it will be as precise as listening to him as a clock ticks to listen for when he tells you to invest in something.
When I talked about the pillars, listening to what those pillars are and when to invest in those pillars and listening to him and saying, 'Father, not my will, but yours be done.
' But it's all about being like—I want to call it a secret assassin.
You're mysterious.
You walk in and you do the job.
You do the mission for the government of the Lord.
You want to say it's cool.
In the government of the Lord, you are an ambassador of the Lord.
You work for him.
You're doing exactly what he's told you to do.
You're his hands.
You're his feet.
You're maneuvering.
You're moving in that circumstance, and you drop it and you get out, and it's all about him.
So they're wondering what happened, what in the world went on.
The glory came and we don't even know what happened.
It changed the whole atmosphere.
The healing power of God came in.
He said, 'Be made whole,' like I was talking about spirit, soul, and body—the whole man.
It's not just about healing.
He said, 'I'm going to use people for healings and to restore back what the cankerworm ate.
But I'm not going to share my glory with anyone, Brandon, in these last days.
And if you can work with me like that, we'll work great together.
' Just like the squirrels, they don't even know when the food's coming, but I pour the food in there and I just like to watch them.
They're so excited.
They run down the tree and they're eating and they're filling their mouths full.
They don't even realize that there was just grace that just happened.
It was a grace explosion that all that food was in that little feeder.
And they're going, 'Man, this is so good.
' And they take it and they run off, and they don't go and say, 'Thank you, sir,' you know, waving from the branch.
They just go, 'Man, I just had a really good day.
I don't know where all that came from, but it blessed my day.
' And watching that blessing blesses me.
And that's what he said.
That's where he's at.
He just wants to see his kids happy.
He just wants to see his kids happy and he's just loving on them.
And sometimes you just take and you put some cash in somebody's hand or whatever.
Holy Ghost handshakes.
'How are you doing, brother?
God bless you,' and just walk away.
And they don't even realize that you gave maybe a couple hundred bucks or something.
You know what I'm saying?
And you just flow that way.
But the Lord was talking about how whenever it comes down to healings and demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory, who is going to be the elites of walking with him will always be to attract the glory.
The presence of the Lord brings the people to you, and then you push them to him.
So I see the squirrels as how they're a blessing to me.
And I know that we are not squirrels; we're his kids.
But he was using it as something to instruct me that day, is that he said, 'Brandon, I just want you to know there'll be one percent that flows in this end-time wealth transfer of the great wealth.
And I'll not share my glory, just like I won't share my glory whenever you pray for somebody and they try to say, "Thank you, sir.
" No, it ain't you.
I'm just a vessel.
We got to always keep the main thing the main thing and give God praise for everything in these last days.
We have to always be looking at his face and knowing that he is the rewarder of those that diligently seek him, not Brandon.
I may write a check.
I may be the distributor of the wealth that he gave me, but it's always to give God the praise.
And it will be for the unlikely people.
They may not treat you right.
You say, "I don't think they treat me very good.
I don't think they're very kind to me.
" And that's usually probably the ones that he wants to bless the most.
That's why I thought it was interesting about the healings, because he was talking about you'll see healings on people that are strung out on drugs, strung out, and they're not the ones that are believing and going over there in the corner having all the Bible verses like sister so-and-so, and she's all—and she may be struggling with something.
She might die by something.
I don't know.
It's not my job to test the hearts.
All I do is obey.
And you go and he'll say, "Pray for that lady right there on the side of the road," and she could be a hooker.
And the power of God hits her and you go, "My God, she had a creative miracle!
" And it was just something she didn't earn and something she didn't deserve.
It's called grace.
And that's exactly who He is, a God of grace, and He is a God of love.
And you didn't earn salvation and you didn't deserve salvation, but it's just His grace.
And He said, 'I love you and I've provided a way for you that you don't have to go to hell today.
' I'm trying to tell you that's what He's talking about: the end-time wealth transfer of what's about to happen with the finances.
It's something you can't earn and it's something you don't deserve, but God said, 'I'm going to bless you.
' And I've seen what's about to happen again with a glimpse.
As I was lying in bed, I could see over and I was looking into these months ahead of what God is trying to do just for His remnant, for the people who He just wants to watch and see.
It's like when you go on Christmas morning and you've given your kids all these beautiful presents and you're excited just to see their expression of the package that you've wrapped up in a bow, and they're going to go, 'Daddy, look at what you got me today!
' and they're so excited and celebrating that present that they got.
And that's what He's looking at, as a good daddy, for healings and blessings.
And He's going, 'I know, I just love my kids.
' You know what I'm saying?
When you love your kids, you just do good things for them.
And that's why it even goes to Scripture.
It says, 'If we, being evil, give good gifts to our kids, how much more does our heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love Him?
' And I just know that my Daddy's a good daddy.
He's a God that rewards those that diligently seek Him today.
And I thought, as I watch my squirrels—I don't want to be a squirrel, but I want to be a kid that is just innocently seeking Him and being hungry after even the corn, saying, 'Man, I'm just so thankful that He blessed me today.
' So if He asks you to give a check to somebody or asks you to pray for somebody that you don't feel like deserves it, it's just God saying, 'I just want to give them a hug today.
' It's something they didn't earn and it's something they didn't deserve.
But sometimes He may ask you to do something that's uncomfortable to your flesh, and you think, 'Well, I'd like to give it to the lady that's over here that's been praying a lot or whatever,' but He's just wanting to love on the unlovelies.
And they may have a cranky attitude; they may have a demeanor that's just a bad attitude or whatever.
And you may think, 'Well, they don't deserve this.
' But that's just God's grace explosion.
That's God's grace explosion.
He's just wanting to show that He's a good God.
And I'm telling you, that's what's about to happen.
So, this is just the last part of this little thing I have for y'all.
I keep seeing the people moving from major city areas to come to the country.
I keep seeing this virus.
I keep seeing great shaking, y'all.
And it doesn't let up.
I keep seeing waves of it.
Praying as we saw the shooter on the military base yesterday and so many people got injured, folks.
We're living in the last of the last days here.
There'll be major decisions being made even concerning Judge Torres.
And I told you I saw three new trillionaires.
This is—I've never seen this before.
There's usually hundred-billionaires or whatever, big money.
But I'm telling you, I saw trillionaires coming.
Now, will they be—will that be the only three trillionaires in the world?
Heavens, no!
But it's what the Lord is showing me and what these men represent.
I told you all it was a Saudi Arabian prince.
It is not a Saudi Arabian prince.
My son said it is the United Arab Emirates.
I might have butchered that, but I'm trying.
But that man, I saw a man that is a trillionaire and he's heavily invested in a certain thing.
Then Michael Saylor, and I saw BlackRock—those three things.
Okay.
So I saw in those three things three new trillion-dollar things that are about to take place.
And I thought that was interesting because I know there's other people that have invested in certain things, but the Lord showed me these three people.
And I don't know why, but there's a reason.
The Lord doesn't talk just to hear Himself talk.
Ladies and gentlemen, He speaks to make real things happen in the real world.
And I'm telling you, God is going to show you things for a strategic purpose.
When it comes to—I said I saw the 76ers, the Philadelphia Eagles, I saw the New York Jets, I saw people not going to major stadiums in the days ahead.
Those are all in the same area.
You would think, 'Well, how would they go bankrupt, Brandon?
' I'm telling you, there was something that happened.
And then I freaked everybody out about the trees, the bushes with the berries for coffee.
Now, what causes the coffee bean shortage?
Something happens.
It's either something happens with the trees, like a pest, because I don't want to add to or take away from anything, but I'm telling you, when I saw the coffee bean shortage, it was a major something happening with these trees, and I saw fires.
I saw environmental issues coming with the shortage, with drought and things to do with coffee beans.
And I was like, 'That's interesting,' because I was driving by a Starbucks and I saw the vision of a shortage in Starbucks, and they were shutting down stores because there was a problem with the beans.
How often does a coffee bean bush produce coffee beans?
I have no idea.
I'm not an expert in coffee.
I just come on here and people are like, 'Oh my God, I've got to go buy a bunch of coffee!
' And I'm like, 'No, that's not what I said.
' I said, 'I just thought it was interesting because the Lord shows me these glimpses when I'm driving around praying about the babies and the incubators.
' And the things that I saw this last time, some of this stuff was very dark.
It was creepy—the surrogate baby machines.
It was really weird.
So then somebody sends me a video and says, 'Brandon, you're seeing right on this, dude.
The dude that's trying to create one of the chips for the brain is creating the baby machine.
' And I was like—I told Dian, I go—and the Lord said, 'This will happen in the not-too-distant future.
Some of these things you will see will happen in the not-too-distant future.
' And I'm going to say this: they say, 'Well, should I take the cure for cancer or the cure for diabetes if it comes out?
' Heavens, yes!
Why would you not?
If you're suffering with something, you're dying of something and they have it through AI to fix it, fix it.
If it's not a mark in your hand or in your forehead, or you're saying allegiance to some kind of entity saying, 'Oh, I bow my knee to you' like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, or any of Daniel or the lion's den or whatever, of course, take it.
I'm not saying an allegiance to the devil, but if I get a cure through medical science, it's a blessing.
It's like saying I don't want to go to medical science if they have a cure for some kind of something, and I don't want to get a shot or whatever I need to do to fix that if they have the means to help you with it.
I feel like this is part of the solution to help people of what's coming.
But it's a bait and a hook.
They're trying to hook you to get you desensitized to the beast system that's coming.
Do you reject it?
I said you harness it.
You don't embrace it like a friend; you harness it like a tool.
Does that make sense?
You don't embrace it; you harness it.
And you wield it.
You're like you're cutting with the saw or whatever.
There'll be things in it that'll be a blessing to you in the days ahead.
But ultimately, it will all lead to destruction.
All of it will.
And all we have to do is ride the wave until Jesus comes.
And know that you don't let it all in your house and let it start teaching your kids spiritual things or whatever, or asking it counsel or advice about whatever, but you just know it's a surface thing.
You touch it like it's hot, and that's hot.
Well, I gotta, you know, I don't know how else to describe it to y'all because there's so many people that will have the cure for something that you're overcoming and you'll die, and the Lord's trying to help you.
Well, God is always going to use something else.
I don't know, God's sovereign.
He'll use whatever He wants to use.
But I'm not going to put Him in a box and say, "God, you have to do exactly what I want you to do because this is what makes me feel comfortable.
" I'm with Him.
If it comes out the cure for autism, you can know that Brandon Biggs is going to be standing, the first one in line, to help my little girl.
If there's no strings attached and they're not telling me to do something weird, and it's just like, "You take this and this, and it'll help your little girl," you know good and well I'll be there.
You know what I'm saying?
Especially if you've been overcoming something for so long.
I'm standing by faith.
So if God wants to use it through medical science, then whatever it takes.
I don't limit God, and I don't put Him in a box when it comes to things.
Ladies and gentlemen, I know that He is...
Whatever is good comes from God.
And if it's a cure for something, it's coming from...
You didn't get that knowledge on your own.
Even if it's a computer giving it to you, you didn't get it on your own.
Everything good comes from God, remember that.
And everything bad comes from the devil.
There's no good in the devil.
There's no good in him at all.
There's no bad in God.
There's no bad in Him at all.
He is a good God, and the devil is a bad devil.
So if there's something good that comes out of something, you know it's a good God that gives it.
But there's never a bad thing that comes out of a good God.
He's always good, and the devil's always bad.
The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
And the Bible says that God comes that you may have life and life more abundantly, to the extreme, until it overflows.
So, anything that comes from anything, I'm always going to give God praise and glory for it, even if it's coming from AI.
Thank you, Lord, that you can use what the devil means for bad to turn it for good in my favor in finances, in health, and wisdom, whatever it may be.
Goodness comes from my God.
Does that make sense, what I'm telling y'all?
Because I think people are going to get real flaky about all this.
But am I going to let a machine be a surrogate for my baby?
Heavens, no!
I'm not going to let a machine...
"Well, I couldn't have a baby, so I'm going to put my egg and my sperm in there, and we're going to grow this baby, and we're going to put it in this lab thing.
" No, that's not the way I'm going to...
Heavens, no!
I do not believe that's God.
AI-created things, splice and genetics, make what I saw—making one stronger or making it skinnier or making better genes in the future and making blue eyes—I'm not going to manipulate nature.
That's weird.
That's demonic.
You know, that's not God at all.
I don't believe that's God at all.
You're trying to play God, and that's a dangerous thing to do.
So, I saw that, and I saw the baseball stadiums that will be called, instead of sporting events, they'll be glory events.
And I'm excited about that part, and having this opportunity to bring in the lost for Jesus.
He's given us one last window—this last call, this last window—to bring in the lost, all for Jesus.
Folks, it's all hands on deck right now.
As we see the earthquakes, as we see these things, as the days are going to get darker and darker, it's going to get so dark that it'll be gross darkness covering the earth.
But the rest of the scripture says, "Arise and shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
" Because when it gets darker over there, it's going to get lighter on us, and Jesus is going to shine the brightest.
And who's going to be the ones?
Just like I told you at the beginning, the people who don't deserve it—it's all about grace.
And watch what He does with the healings and the demonstrations and saying, "Listen, I'm giving you enough money.
Now go pay that lady's mortgage off.
You want me to pay her house off?
Yeah, I want you to go show her my love and tell her Jesus loves her.
Go pay the house off, or go pay her car off, or go and buy her a month's worth of groceries.
" But you can't do it when you're broke.
Just like when He came to me and He told me about the church thing, and I told y'all about that.
He said, "Brandon, I don't have anybody else to ask.
" Isn't that sad?
Out of a church of quite a few people, there are so many people that would not listen to Him.
Not that they didn't have it, but they wouldn't listen to Him and sacrifice the flesh to say, "Yes, Lord, here am I.
" Even me, I was struggling with it.
I ain't trying to play like I had everything all together.
I struggled with it, and I was like, "Oh, that hurts.
" But I'm trying so hard to practice His presence and to be dead to self, even whenever it's something that's a significant thing to us, that we've saved a lot and tried hard to put money back.
When He tells us, "Here am I.
" I'm always saying it: "Here am I, Lord.
" Now He said, "Now it's time you can practice what you preach.
Are you really 'here am I, send me, Lord,' even whenever you don't want to be doing what I've told you to do?
" Because He knows what's going to push your button, and He's going to test it and say, "Are they all really in, or is it just lip service?
Are they all really in?
Will they do what I say?
Because I'm going to say something.
I know that's special to him, and I know he wants to remodel and do these things, but I'm going to push on that and see if he'll do it.
" Or is it like a sponge, and you go up there and push on that sponge?
What comes out when you push on it?
That's exactly what He's wanting to see.
"What happens when I push on that?
Will Brandon do a sacrificial gift to Me, even whenever it's not required of him, or will he say no or yes?
" My flesh said, "Oh, no," but my spirit was like, "I'm yielded, I want to.
" And I did ultimately what the Holy Spirit told me to do, but my flesh was...
But there's so many people out there that have so much lip service, but they don't have real heart service.
"Here am I, Lord, send me.
" "We'll go to Africa then.
" "Uh, I don't think so.
I'll go in my backyard and talk to the neighbor.
" "Here am I, Lord, send me.
" "Go to Asia then.
" "I don't know about that.
I could die.
" "Yeah, you could.
Yeah, you could.
" But if He's telling you to do it, He said He provided His angels to take care of you.
And if you do die, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
I know that there'll be martyrs in the days ahead.
I'm going to tell you this: I saw martyrs.
I saw people dying for the cause of Christ, but you'll get the martyr's crown.
"Well, I don't want to die.
" Well, I believe that He's always going to protect me, and if He doesn't, I'm going to be on the other side.
That's why Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego said, "I will not bow my knee," and they worshiped the Father, and they went into the fire, and He took care of them.
Sometimes you go through the fire, but you don't come out smelling like smoke.
Do you understand?
Not everything is always cupcakes and roses, folks.
But He's going to ask us to do the hard things sometimes.
And when the rubber meets the road, whenever the lip service comes, will you do what you said you would do?
"Here am I, Lord.
Send me.
" And that's what it's going to take in these last days to say, "I'm all in.
Here am I, Lord.
" And I'm telling you, I'm a work in progress.
Diana's a work in progress.
But I want to pass the test the first time, and I don't want to keep going around the house, you know, like the children of Israel.
They went in the wilderness for 40 years, wandering around in the desert, doing exactly.
And ultimately, what happened with that?
They went back to the basics of what He told them to do the first time: "Go take the land.
" "But we're the size of grasshoppers.
" "Go take the land.
" "Well, we don't feel like we're adequate.
" So a whole generation had to die off before they went and took the land.
And there were only a couple of men from the original tribe that went and took the land because God had to take a whole generation and get rid of them basically through life before they got a new mindset of saying, "Hey, we can do this.
" But the plan never changed; the obedience did.
"Take the land.
" And they said, "Well, I don't know, we can't do it.
" So you walk around until you die to self enough until you can do it.
The test never changed, the circumstances never changed—they did.
And He had to have a whole new generation come in to be able to have the mentality to say, "We can do this now.
" Will you pass the test the first time, or will you pass the test the 40 years' time?
But either way, you're not going from glory to glory.
Be obedient to what He's asked you to do.
And He says, "Write a check to do this.
" "Can I avoid it?
" Yeah, you can, but you're going to keep walking around that mountain until you do what He tells you to do.
You think, "Well, you know, maybe He forgot about it.
" God doesn't forget about anything.
And there are no shortcuts.
Diana's right.
There are no shortcuts.
Can I just tiptoe around this?
Write the check and pay for the youth building.
"I want you to do that.
" "But it hurts.
" "I don't care, I asked you to do something.
" "Well, okay.
" And you ignore it, and you walk around the mountain again.
And He comes around and says, "Hey, it may not be a youth building the next time.
It may be sister so-and-so's whatever.
" And you go, "That's painful.
" And you might have already spent that money, but He's watched you build it again because you've had your time to walk around that mountain again.
And you're still saying, "Why have I not gone from glory to glory?
Why would You not entrust me with a million dollars when You've only entrusted me with $100,000 maybe, or $10,000, or $1,000, or $100, and you keep going around the same mountain over and over again?
" "Well, could you give that $1,000 check?
I need you to give that $10,000 check.
" "That hurts.
That's a lot of money.
" And you go, "$10,000?
Are you kidding me?
I saved forever for that $10,000.
" And He said, "Write the $10,000 check.
" You go, "No, I'll give Him $1,000.
" "No, I said $10,000.
" "Well, I'll give Him $1,000.
" Do you get what I'm saying?
But you'll stay at that level, and you'll keep going around that mountain over and over again until you qualify to go to the next level for the $100,000, or the million dollars, or the $10 million, or whatever.
I'm trying to paint the picture for you.
It doesn't matter what the financial blessing is.
It's obedience to what He's asked you to do.
Now, the same thing with healing.
"I want you to pray for that lady in line.
" "No, Lord, here am I, Lord, send me.
" "Pray for the lady over there.
" "Well, I know I'm called to thousands.
I'm called to pray for tens of thousands.
" "Pray for the lady in line.
" "But I'm called to 10,000 people.
I'm going to pray, and I'm going to be in an auditorium full of people.
" "Pray for the lady in line.
" And you keep going around and around until you finally die to what He told you to die to the first time.
And that's what the children of Israel did.
And I don't want to be 40 years in the wilderness and waste my whole life at stage one because I didn't obey at stage one so I could get to stage two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Does that make sense, what I'm telling y'all?
It's important that you be obedient to what He told you to do.
When He told me, "Get out of bed and jump on one foot," and as I obeyed, my hip was healed.
As I went and did what He told me to do, I was healed.
"Run down the hall.
" "I can't do that.
" "Run down the hall.
" And I went, "Boop," it lifted.
"Go down here.
I want you to sing a song.
" "Boop," it lifted.
But it's obedience in the small little steps that gets you to the major step.
But most people are stagnant at the first step because they didn't do one, two, three, four, five.
You have to have one, two, three, four, five to get to ten.
You can't skip those stages to get to ten immediately and go, "Why is God not using me and doing what He wanted me to do?
" because you didn't do the $10 test.
You didn't do the $5 test.
And the only way you're going to get to the $100 million test is going through one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Does that make sense?
I hope this helps you because this is just coming straight out of my spirit to tell you this.
There are so many people who are stuck at stage one that want to go to stage five and they've never been obedient.
And the Lord said to me, "It's just like the children of Israel, Braden.
If you are not faithful with little, I'll never make you ruler over much.
Never.
" But people think He's just going to forget about it, and God doesn't forget.
Same thing with when He told me, "Clean these bathrooms without complaining.
" "Lord, are you ever going to let me...?
" "Whenever you're done and you're fully cooked, I'll pull you off the fire.
" "Okay.
Okay.
" "Father, I want to be an end-time wealth transfer.
I want to do all this stuff.
" But you can't be faithful with what He's asked you to do with $100.
"Well, I'll do it whenever.
Boy, if I had a million dollars in the bank...
" I tell you, the bigger the check, the more your flesh squirms.
It's easy to give five bucks.
It's easy to give $100.
But I'm telling you, when you give more, your flesh squirms.
Trust me, I was there.
What's your chokehold?
Where's your chokehold?
Does that make sense?
And the more He goes, He said, "Brandon, that'll be easier next time.
" I said, "There'll be a next time?
Oh God, there'll be a next time.
" "Yes, but it'll be easier next time.
" "Okay.
All right.
I can do this.
" So that's what I had for y'all today.
I thought it would help you like it helps me.
But this is what He's talking to me about, going from glory to glory.
How are we going to get there?
It doesn't just happen.
It's through trial, and it's through testing, and it's through refining.
It's through growing, and it's not always comfortable, and it's not always glamorous, and it's not always something that's in the spotlight where people are going, "Attaboy, high five!
Let's do this!
" and they're looking at you going, "I don't like you," and spitting in your face.
You know what I'm saying?
Somebody may not like you, and you may not like them, but He tells you to bless them, right?
You just be obedient to what He's asked you to do.
Just do what He asked you to do, and you will pass the test.
You'll pass the test.
So let's pray together today and see what the Lord has for us.
I never start prayer without taking communion first.
Never.
So I want to take communion with y'all and jump right into this river.
So Father, I thank You, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
I thank You, Lord, that we're healed by the stripes of Jesus.
I thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
And as we take this communion, Father, and we come up higher with the fire, Father, we enter into Your throne room boldly today.
And we thank You, Lord, that what You've provided for us is all beautiful grace.
You've given us the ability to get the job done.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the anointing.
I thank You, Lord, that it destroys every yoke today.
And as we take this body, God, we thank You, Lord.
It's a remembrance of what You did on that cross for us.
Thank You, Father, that we're healed and whole and well by Your stripes today, in Jesus' name.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over our life today.
We apply the blood and we make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us.
We plead the blood from the top of our head to the soles of our feet that we hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow today, God, over any visions or anything we see.
We only hear and see what you have for us.
And we thank you, Lord, we have authority over the demonic spirits that they will not torment us in any way.
We cover our minds.
We cover our bodies.
We cover us in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
And I plead the blood and I apply the blood around this room.
And I thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camping all around and about us, Father, and they're bearing us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We thank you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, let's just pray a little bit today and we'll pray over some things and see what the Lord has for us, okay?
And we'll just worship a little bit here and get right into the flow of what he has.
Jesus, I am thirsty.
Won't you come and fill me?
Those earthly things have left me dry.
Only you can satisfy.
All I want is more of you.
Thank you, Lord.
Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine.
I'm an heir of salvation, purchased of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood.
This is my story, this is my song, praising my savior all the day long.
Father, we thank you that you're coming soon.
Father, we're anticipating for you to come and get us soon, Father, as we try to figure it out with our intellect of what we go, 'Oh, if it could have happened here, could it happen there?
' because we're anticipating you just like it is on Christmas morning.
Father, when there's so many people that are anticipating something, it's something so much greater.
You're the ultimate gift.
As we're dry and we're thirsty today, and there's so many people that are so desperate for just that touch.
They email by the thousands, saying, 'Please tell us how to get to the water.
How do you get to the water, Brandon?
How do you get to the water?
' It's a process, isn't it, Lord?
You have to die to self.
You say, 'Lord, here am I, Lord.
' The process, the process.
Father, say, 'Jesus, fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
' Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Amen.
Quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Hallelujah.
Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies, heavenward bound.
And I'm going to cry, I felt his presence.
And Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies, heavenward bound.
He's coming.
As we ask you, Father, to fill our cup today, as we sit at your feet today, knowing that there's nothing this world has to offer other than you.
Everything is so—it dies.
It's so lifeless without you.
Only the thing we can get, Lord, is what we can get from you, Father, and that is eternal, spiritual; it never dies.
It's always living, it's always growing.
The word of God changes us from the inside out.
Thank you, Father, for these times.
Thank you, Lord, for the opportunity to worship you again.
Again, Father, that we'll not let the rocks do our job today, Lord.
It's said if we don't praise you, Lord, the rocks will cry out.
And Lord, we take that time today to do our job, Father, to worship you, to give you honor and glory, to come to your throne boldly and say, 'Father, here am I, Lord.
I have all this stuff going on, Lord.
I have all these issues.
I've got it all, but you don't see it all because of your blood.
And you wash me and you cleanse me and you make me right.
As I come up and sit at your throne, you put that new garment on me and you say, "I've got a plan for your life.
If you just listen to me.
"' Time and time again, Lord, you always have that perfect plan.
You always have that perfect place that's seated with you, Father, in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers.
You say, 'Come up higher.
Come up higher.
' We come up higher, Lord.
We come up higher, Lord.
We desire the fire, Lord.
As we come up higher, we come up higher, Lord.
We come up higher, Lord.
We desire the fire, Lord.
Fill our cup, Lord, with that Holy Ghost flow, that river that flows from that fountain.
There is a fountain that flows deep inside.
Come to the water that never shall run dry.
There is a vast supply.
When the weight of that comes in, it's so beautiful.
Come to the fountain that flows deep inside, that never shall run dry.
Oh, come to the fountain that flows deep inside.
Jesus.
Jesus, there's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, let all heaven and earth proclaim: kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
Jesus.
Jesus, there's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
Jesus.
Jesus, there's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, let all heaven and earth proclaim: kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
Wonderful, merciful Savior, blessed Redeemer and friend.
You are the one that we praise.
You are the one we adore.
You give us strength, our hearts always hunger for.
Oh, our hearts always hunger for.
You are the one that we praise.
Hallelujah.
Lord, we love you.
There's healing in here today.
I feel it right now.
Lord, we praise you.
I rebuke the sickness right now.
I tell it to go from their bodies in the name of Jesus.
I tell it to go from their bodies right now in the name of Jesus.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet, you're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Let the Holy Spirit flow through you and deliver you, deliver you from all of your sicknesses.
Go now in Jesus' name.
Ministering spirits, Holy Spirit, we ask you right now, right now flow through this camera.
Angels of the Lord, go right now and bring the body parts, whatever they need, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, coming out of those storehouses in heaven, restoring all that the cankerworm has eaten.
We call you healed and whole and well right now in the name of Jesus.
Every area of your eyes is being opened right now.
I see eyes being opened.
I see cataracts being dissolved right now in the name of Jesus.
In your eye, I see cataracts.
Oh, glaucoma is being healed right now in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah!
You're being healed right now from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
Degenerative eyes, degenerative eyes in all of the eyes.
I see eyes being restored in the name of Jesus flowing through this camera right now to your home.
Everything you need with the eye, I call you healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
We call it healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
There's something with the gland of the eye.
I see it right now concerning the eye and the tear ducts.
With clogged tear ducts, it's coming unclogged.
Blockages are being unclogged right now in the name of Jesus.
Right now, receive your healing.
There's a healing of the eye and the tear duct right now.
You're being healed.
I see it.
It's like pink eye.
There's some kind of infection there.
It's being healed in Jesus' name.
Be healed.
Be healed and free from that eye deterioration.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord.
All in there in the eye.
All in the iris.
Detached eyeball.
Detached retina.
Detached deterioration of the eye.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over that eyeball right now in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
The cones, the cones, all of it.
We call restoration of it.
Blinded eyes are opening right now.
Believe, believe, believe.
Improving of sight.
Where you could take the glasses off, move them up, and move.
Act in faith right now as you're looking and watching this.
Act in faith.
Just say, 'I believe.
I receive.
I believe, I receive.
' God is meeting you at the point of your need right now.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Jesus, that name above all names.
Beautiful Savior, living word, Emmanuel, God is with us.
Blessed redeemer, living word.
Jesus, that name above all names.
Do you believe it today?
Beautiful Savior.
What did you see?
Breathe it in.
I saw the word 'breathe'.
I heard Him say something to you.
He said, 'Breathe it in.
' His living word.
His presence is here.
Emmanuel, God is with us.
Blessed redeemer, living word.
He's my blessed redeemer.
He's my living word.
The fire is here.
The anointing that breaks every single yoke has come to set the captives free today.
If you'll receive it today, right where you are, the yoke-destroying, burden-removing, yoke-destroying power is flowing on the inside of you today.
Right now.
Oh, Father, we love you.
Oh, Father, we glorify your name.
We glorify your name.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you.
We praise you.
We adore you.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name.
We magnify your name.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
Oh, we magnify your name.
We magnify your name.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
Conditions with the brain.
Conditions with the brain, hormones of the brain, conditioning of the brain is being healed right now.
I see a brain and there's things with the brain that are being healed right now.
All the yoke of bondage, there's been a band on your head.
I see a band, and the band is being broken off of your head.
It was sent there through satanic practice and it's been a torment around your mind for quite some time.
And the Lord said He's delivering you right now from this band that's on your mind.
It feels like a band.
It's breaking off right now in Jesus' name.
It's been sent there.
It looks like a brown, rusty-looking band, and it's been brain fog and brain things going on with your brain.
The way you think, torment with anxiety, there's something there.
It's breaking off of you right now in Jesus' name.
This band, I see it being taken off by angelic forces.
They're breaking it off of your mind.
So, Diana just saw in the spirit when I started calling out for the brain, and I saw over in the brain.
Diana saw a blonde woman with a ponytail, and she had bangs in her face, and she said, 'I see this woman.
' So, receive it right now.
I know there are multiple different people, but the Lord wanted to get this individual person's attention.
And you're a blonde woman with bangs and a ponytail.
And I'm telling you, Jesus is setting your mind free, ma'am.
You just need to believe and receive it right now where you are.
But whoever needs this with the mind, don't just limit it to that woman.
I'm telling you, God's setting you free right now of mind disorders, mind things bound.
It's like a bound of demonic thing over your mind.
Be free by the blood of the Lamb in the name of Jesus.
It's time.
Today's your day.
Expiration date when it comes to the mind.
I receive it.
I receive.
Just say it: 'I receive.
' All things are possible to him who believes.
And nerve endings, nerve endings, nerve endings are being healed right now in Jesus' name.
Nerves are being healed right now in Jesus' name.
Hallelujah.
Believe for it.
Maybe with shingles.
Shingles are being healed right now.
I see that.
I saw it right there when she said nerve endings.
I see shingles being healed right now in Jesus' name.
Receive your body being healed from those nerve endings, the shingles, being torment and pain being lifted off of you in Jesus' name.
Father, we worship you.
We worship you, Father.
We worship you.
Hallelujah.
We glorify your name.
Thank you, Lord.
Healing and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Do you believe it today?
Hallelujah.
That's amazing because the last couple of times have been about healings.
The Lord is just really increasing in that, believing for your miracle right where you're sitting.
Right where you're sitting.
Deliverance from demonic strongholds.
You may be sitting there and you go, 'I've had this addiction for so long.
' Jesus sets the captives free.
I heard that right then.
You know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Get the word of God pertaining to what you're believing for with mental things, and renew your mind to the word even more so that this doesn't come back.
Renew your mind to the word.
Find scriptures.
Second Timothy 1:7, that's a good one.
'For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound, well-balanced mind.
' Find scripture.
'I have a balanced mind.
I have a sound mind.
I have a mind that's focused on Jesus.
My mind is healed and whole and well.
I have a sound mind.
God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power.
I have a spirit of power and of love and of soundness.
I'm sound in my mind.
I ain't crazy.
' Some people say, 'Oh, you're crazy.
' No, I have the mind of Christ.
Does that make sense?
You've got to find that.
But not only do you memorize it, you read it and you get it through the eye gate.
Your soul is mind, will, and emotion.
Renew your mind to the word of God today to what you're believing for.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
He is Jesus.
It is Jesus.
It is Jesus in this place.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, we give you glory, honor, and praise.
Father, it is Jesus.
It is Jesus.
I heard to sing this song.
Okay.
'I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous, the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
' Do you believe it today?
Sing it softly.
'I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous, the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
' I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
Thank you, Lord.
There's glory all around.
I keep seeing into the fall.
As I'm singing, I see the fall again.
I see fall.
I see the trees.
There's so much change coming in the fall.
It's a time that will be to rest it all, a refreshing coming to my bride, for I have great things in store for them.
There's glory all around.
I feel the touch of angels' wings.
I see glory on each face.
Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place.
He said this right whenever I started singing that and I could see concerning finances.
He said, 'Ask big, ask big.
Ask me big and I'll provide it.
There's nothing too big and there's nothing too small.
Ask me big today.
Breakthrough is coming for a lot of you.
I see it going into the fall.
I'm telling you, great breakthrough.
Things that have been prolonged for years and years and years will suddenly be gone.
And you'll look back and say, 'Look at what the Lord has done.
' Oh, Diana, I see it is so beautiful.
And he said, 'Believe for the suddenlies.
' There's glory all around, and all who see must stand, and all of miracles abound.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous, the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
He said, 'Don't always believe for far-off, Brandon.
' He said, 'Believe me for the now.
I'm just showing you a period of beautiful things that I'm about to do.
Believe me for today, but know that I have there.
It wasn't for you to live in trial all your life.
It wasn't for you to live in believing for some things you've been believing for your whole life.
Do you understand?
There's an expiration date.
' He says, 'As they went, they were healed.
' I see a prolonged season of great grace and blessing on your lives.
It won't just be for a one-day event.
This will be a season where you've sowed and sowed, and there will be a season of reaping.
I want you to hear what the Spirit of the Lord said.
There'll be a season of reaping coming, a season of great harvest coming.
And the harvest, it's been years of sowing, and now there'll be years of reaping.
There'll be a time of reaping.
Do you understand?
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
But even whenever it comes to financial blessing and healings and demonstrations of his glory, it's been a dam, and it's all been stored up, and now it's being released.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell y'all?
That's what I see.
It's been held up, and now the dam is bursting forth.
And I'm saying a season of great overflow blessing is coming on your life.
Believe God for big.
Make your list of everything you're believing God for today.
Make a list and take communion over it, of everything that is exceedingly abundantly above all that you'd ask or think and say, 'Father, this is what I'm believing for.
' Like we say, 'I'm believing for a house.
I'm believing for a car.
I'm believing for a job, a better job.
I'm believing for my marriage to be restored.
I'm believing for my kids who are wayward to come home.
I'm believing for this healing,' or whatever, and put the vision in front of you so that you can see it and claim it.
I will take everything the Lord has for me.
I will lack no good thing.
Make that list out and believe God for big.
Today we're believing for a vacation.
I'm believing for a hot rod or whatever, I don't know, a designer purse.
I saw a purse when I was praying.
Believe God.
It doesn't have to be just materialistic, but I'm saying believe him for what you thought was impossible.
Stretch out and believe for big.
Somebody might be believing for something that's so over the top you go, 'Well, God's not going to do that.
' God will do it.
Believe for...
I heard him say, 'Believe for big.
' You might be believing for a jet or a helicopter or something, a yacht, I don't know, but believe for something.
I saw a season of great harvest.
Everything that you've sowed, it's time for the seeds you sowed in the past to come to harvest at last.
Believe him for breakthrough today.
I saw it, Diana.
It was beautiful.
I could see it was like Christmas morning.
People were just so excited about what God is bringing them in these gifts.
And you'll look back and you'll pinch yourself and go, 'What I've been believing for is in my now.
' It's time to believe what you've been believing for by faith, to receive it, and it's in the now.
Tangible, like healing.
Healing for Megan in the now.
She's sitting right next to me: 'Daddy, I want to tell you about what happened.
It's going to happen.
' Well, praise the Lord, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you for joining us today.
I just felt the presence of the Lord.
I was sitting here and I know I had my own little moment there that you probably won't see on the camera, of course, because I was seeing some things concerning Diana's and my life, and I paused because I was thinking, 'You're showing me things about us, and I am definitely not saying this out on the video right now.
' And so I paused it, and you're not seeing that part, and I'm coming back after that was over.
And I just had some instruction for our ministry and what God's calling us to do.
And so I'm very grateful for when the Lord speaks to us.
I'm very grateful he gives us these times of refreshing that come on here and just get a big hug.
I pray these videos bless you.
I really do.
I pray healing flows through your home like a river, that it's time for restoration, that there are seasons of great harvest.
It's time to break out of the mentality of 'we've been believing for so long' and it's time for the restoration of all things.
It's time, ladies and gentlemen.
God is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
And he is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
So, I'm so thankful that you would spend your time with us, that you would come and sing with me and listen to what I had to say at the beginning.
It's a blessing.
I hope you get refreshed when you come here.
If you could like the video, subscribe if you haven't subscribed, please click the notification bell, click all the thumbs up and all the things that you can do to help us with the algorithm.
I know YouTube's thinking about changing some things, so being subscribed is very important for our channel to promote us and get us throughout the whole world because there's a lot of you that are watching throughout the whole world.
And thank you for all the love you've showed my family lately.
Thank you.
There's so much kindness, there are so many nice emails.
Thank you for all the little likes and all the things that you do, commenting down below, the Super Thanks, and all the things.
Y'all are so kind to us.
Thank you.
God bless you.
I never want to take that for granted.
Thank you.
So, we'll end the video there.
I feel so refreshed today after that.
That was so wonderful.
I said, 'Lord, thank you.
I needed it.
' You know, when you have seasons that you feel that you're always in warfare, and the Lord says there are seasons of peace, there are seasons of joy.
It's not meant for my people to always be in the fight like that.
There are seasons of refreshing and blessing that he wants you to take that drink of water where we always feel like we're maintaining the fort, but God says it's time to breathe.
Enjoy your life, ladies and gentlemen.
He wants us in this season of revival that's coming.
Yes, we're going to see darkness, yes, all this stuff, but he wants us to have fun and enjoy ourselves.
So that's what I have for y'all today.
God bless you all, and thank you for joining me.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.